1.Write a query which displays the module code and the duration for modules whose duration is less than 6.
  
  SELECT modulecode, duration from modules where duration<6;


2.Write a query which will display the BATCHCODE, TRAINERID, COURSECODE, STARTDATE, CAPACITY and BATCHSTRENGTH of the batches handled by     the trainer KRISHNAN.

  SELECT batchcode, trainers.trainerid, coursecode, startdate, capacity, batchstrength from batches inner join trainers on       batches.trainerid=trainers.trainerid where trainername='KRISHNAN';


3.Write a query which displays all the module names of the course code 100.

  SELECT modulename from courseandmodules inner join modules on courseandmodules.modulecode=modules.modulecode where coursecode=100;

4.Write a query which displays the module names and course code for the course code 100.

  SELECT modulename,coursecode from courseandmodules inner join modules on courseandmodules.modulecode=modules.modulecode where       coursecode=100;


5."Write a query which will display the number of modules present in the course code 100. 
   <br/>
Hint: display module name count with alias""NumberofModules"""

   SELECT count(modulename) as NumberofModules from courseandmodules inner join modules on courseandmodules.modulecode=modules.modulecode     where coursecode=100;


6."Write a query which will display all the course code and the number of modules present in that particular course.
Hint: display module      name count with alias""NumberofModules"""

    SELECT courseandmodules.coursecode,count(modulename) as NumberofModules from courseandmodules inner join modules on                 courseandmodules.modulecode=modules.modulecode GROUP BY courseandmodules.coursecode;

7.Write a query which will display the course title and fees which has the maximum fees.
  
   SELECT title,fees from courses order by fees desc limit 1;


8.Write a query which will display the student id, student name, batch code, place and 
  phone number of the students who belongs to Batch '3001'.
  
  SELECT studentid,studentname,students.batchcode,place,phone from students inner join batches on students.batchcode=batches.batchcode       where batches.batchcode=3001;


9.Write a Query which will display the student ID, Student name, Batch code, place and phone number who are from CHENNAI.

  SELECT studentid,studentname,batchcode,place,phone from students where place='CHENNAI';

10.Write a query which displays the total number of modules which has less than 6 days duration. 
   <BR>Hint: display total number of modules with'LESSTHANSIXDAYS' as alias.

   SELECT count(modulecode) as LESSTHANSIXDAYS from modules where duration<6;


11.Write a query to display the batch code, course title, start date of the batches for the month of May and year 2012.

   SELECT batchcode,courses.title,startdate from batches inner join courses on courses.coursecode=batches.coursecode where startdate          between '2012-05-01' and '2012-05-31';


12.Write a query to display courses code, course title, course fees of the courses for which 
   no batches/training has been planned in the month of January and year 2012.

   
   SELECT courses.coursecode,title,fees from batches inner join courses on batches.coursecode=courses.coursecode where startdate not          between '2012-01-01' and '2012-01-31';


13.Write a query which displays the names of all the modules of the course titled 'Oracle DBA'
  
   SELECT modulename from modules inner join courseandmodules on modules.modulecode=courseandmodules.modulecode inner join courses on         courseandmodules.coursecode=courses.coursecode where title='ORACLE DBA' group by modules.modulename;


14.Write a Query which displays the student ID, Student name, Batch code, place and phone number 
   of the student's who took training from CHENNAI in the year 2012.
 
   SELECT studentid, studentname, students.batchcode,place,phone from students inner join batches on students.batchcode=batches.batchcode     where place='CHENNAI' and startdate between '2012-01-01' and '2012-12-31';


15.Write a query which will display the student id, student names who are enrolled for the course code 200?

   SELECT studentid,studentname from students inner join batches on students.batchcode=batches.batchcode where batches.coursecode=200;







  



